[docs] Change the default key algorithm in docs examples (#17756)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/site/pages/stronghold/documentation/admin/install/steps/INSTALL.md

- `/config.yaml` — installation configuration file;
- `/resources.yaml` — resource manifests file;
- `<SSH_USER>` — user on the server for SSH connection;
- `--ssh-agent-private-keys` — file containing the private SSH key for the connection;

> - `<SSH_PRIVATE_KEY_FILE>` — имя приватного ключа. Например, для ключа с RSA-шифрованием это будет `id_rsa.pub`, а для ключа с ED25519-шифрованием `id_ed25519.pub`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<SSH_PRIVATE_KEY_FILE>` — the name of your private key. For example, for a key with RSA encryption, it will be `id_rsa`, and for a key with ED25519 encryption, it will be with `id_ed25519`.
```
